duc: add page (#7869)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/duc.md

> # duc: Dude, where are my bytes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# duc
```

> > Duc: index, query and graph disk usage

Reviewer: Could you maybe think of a better description than this, because its a little vague.

Author: Done

> More information: <https://duc.zevv.nl/>

- Index the /usr directory, writing to the default database location ~/.duc.db:

> `duc index /usr`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`duc index {{/usr}}`
```

Author: Done

> - List all files and directories under /usr/local, showing relative file sizes in a graph:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- List all files and directories under /usr/local, showing relative file sizes in a [g]raph:
```

> > Duc is a collection of tools for indexing, inspecting and visualizing disk usage. Duc maintains a database of accumulated sizes of directories of the file system, and allows you to query this database with some tools, or create fancy graphs showing you where your bytes are.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Duc is a collection of tools for indexing, inspecting and visualizing disk usage. Duc maintains a database of accumulated sizes of directories of the file system, allowing queries this database, or create fancy graphs to show where data is 
```

> `duc ls -Fg /usr/local`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`duc ls -Fg {{/usr/local}}`
```

> List all files and directories under /usr/local using tree view:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
List all files and directories under /usr/local using treeview recursively:
```

Author: Done

> `duc ls -Fg -R /usr/local`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`duc ls -Fg -R {{/usr/loca}}l`
```

Reviewer 2: Small typo fix:
 
```suggestion
`duc ls -Fg -R {{/usr/local}}`
```

😄

Author: Done

Start the graphical interface to explore the file system using sunburst graphs:

> `duc gui /usr`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`duc gui {{/usr}}`
```

> - List all files and directories under /usr/local, showing relative file sizes in a [g]raph:
> 
> `duc ls -Fg {{/usr/local}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- List all files and directories under /usr/local, showing relative file sizes in a graph:

`duc ls --classify --graph {{/usr/local}}`
```

Run the ncurses console interface to explore the file system:

> `duc ui /usr`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`duc ui {{/usr}}`
```

Author: Done

> `duc ls -Fg -R {{/usr/local}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`duc ls --classify --graph --recursive {{/usr/local}}`
```

> Run the ncurses console interface to explore the file system:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Run the ncurses console interface to explore the file system:
```
